[tune] Cluster Fault Tolerance (#3309)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/tune-usage.rst

        },
    })

Recovering From Failures (Experimental)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Tune automatically persists the progress of your experiments, so if an experiment crashes or is otherwise cancelled, it can be resumed by passing `resume=True` in `run_experiments()`. If resume is not enabled, a new experiment will be created instead. You can always force a new experiment to be created by changing the experiment name.

Note that trials will be restored to their last checkpoint. If checkpointing is not enabled, unfinished trials will be restarted from scratch.

Reviewer: (this replaces the current copy)

> A Tune experiment run may crash due to unforeseen circumstances. To avoid losing all progress, set ``checkpoint_mode=True`` in ``run_experiments``. Note that only **checkpointable experiments** (i.e., experiments with ``checkpoint_freq > 0``) will be preserved. With ``checkpoint_mode=True``, Tune frequently save the entire experiment state at the ``local_dir`` of the first checkpointable experiment provided.  E.g.:

Reviewer: You can't save it in local_dir, that will cause collisions with multiple experiments.

Put it in local_dir/<exp_name> like where the trial directories go.

Author: Done

.. code-block:: python

    run_experiments({
        "my_experiment_name": {
            "run": my_trainable
            "checkpoint_freq": 10,
            "local_dir": "~/path/to/results"
        },

>     }, checkpoint_mode=True)

Reviewer: This is confusing. Just always checkpoint, and set resume=True. The cost should be minimal.

Alternatively, make resume=True the same as checkpoint_mode=True.

Reviewer: Also, it makes it so that you can't have resume=True always. Users don't want to have to deal with flags every time they run a tune file, they just want it things to work, and if it fails, to be resumable.

Author: Done

Author: I would prefer that this is opt-in for at least a week or two when on master. After that, `resume` can be default.

        },
    })

Recovering From Failures (Experimental)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Tune automatically persists the progress of your experiments, so if an experiment crashes or is otherwise cancelled, it can be resumed by passing `resume=True` in `run_experiments()`. If resume is not enabled, a new experiment will be created instead. You can always force a new experiment to be created by changing the experiment name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Tune automatically persists the progress of your experiments, so if an experiment crashes or is otherwise cancelled, it can be resumed by passing `resume=True` in `run_experiments()`. If `resume=False`, a new experiment will be created instead. The default setting of `resume=None` will cause Tune to prompt you for whether you want to resume. You can always force a new experiment to be created by changing the experiment name.
```

Author: done (did it before I saw this comment)

Note that trials will be restored to their last checkpoint. If checkpointing is not enabled, unfinished trials will be restarted from scratch.

E.g.:

.. code-block:: python

    run_experiments({
        "my_experiment_name": {
            "run": my_trainable
            "checkpoint_freq": 10,
            "local_dir": "~/path/to/results"
        },
    }, resume=True)

> To restore from an experiment, e.g.:

Reviewer: Can drop this example block now.

Author: done
